# Atypical-Asians

Project Proposal - Create a matching game where users will have to match 2 alike cards by clicking on them. If the cards do not match, the cards will be flip back over. If the cards are matched, then they will disappear from the game board. The game must be completed in a set amount of time. 

User Stories - User will first enter the site and see an introductory page. This page will "welcome" the player and provide instructions on how to play. There will be a "Let's Play" button, once clicked, it will take the user to the actual game board. The user will see a timer at 100 seconds and a button next to it stating "click here to start." Once the user clicks the start button, the timer will countdown and the user will proceed to click on the yin yangs (24 in total). Each time a yin yang is clicked on, a picture of a famous Asian celebrity will appear (all their names will be listed on the left side of the screen). The user can only click on a max of 2 yin yangs. If they are a match, a gong sound will appear, the picture will fade out and the name on the left of the celebrity will also fade out. If it is not a match, the picture will remind on the board for about 1 or 2 seconds and then disappear back into the yin yang. The user must match all 12 Asian celebrites within 100 seconds to win!

Approach taken - The majority of the functionality will be done on Javascript/jQuery. Although, the majority of this project could've been done on CSS animation or other software, I wanted to stick with Javascript/jQuery in order to gain more knowledge of those programs. CSS animation will mainly be used for styling purposes. HTML, CSS, Javascript/jQuery and Bootstrap will be the only software I'll be using for this project. 

----> LINK TO PLAY THE GAME!   https://stevengo497.github.io/ .   
